well it was kind of based around like me
my friends this year we had a really
similar project as to what the student
had do we have like a year-long thing we
had to finish off and then yeah it was
like me and my friends we had a kind of
double year so that was kind of what put
the script you know together and made it
come to life and stuff yeah so how does
it feel to have sparked this bidding war
amongst Hollywood executives and you
just the tender age of 16 I believe yeah
yeah um I'm pretty excited about it ah
you know what happened and what is to
come so yeah it didn't feel really real
at first but yeah I'm on BBC now so
hopefully excellent well well we're
looking at pictures of you you and your
friends and you say a lot of this
screenplay is based on your life at your
international school over in Hong Kong
tell us what do you think is it was
about your script that grabbed the
attention of all these Hollywood
producers um I think it was the
characters cuz you know the people and
my script are kind of based really
loosely though like based on people in
my life yeah so I think you know they
like the authenticity and the
relatability of you know the characters
and the dynamics between them so I think
that was what grab their attention now
it's interesting you're from Hong Kong
but what is it do you think about your
script in particular that sort of
transcends cultures that will have this
appeal almost globally um well you know
I got an international school so you
know that already has people from all
over the world and you know kind of
growing up in that environment you can
kind of you know guess what you know
cultures are like everywhere else and
you know I won't have a full
understanding of you know every other
country but I think what's relatable
about it is you know the people are real
you know it doesn't really matter where
they're from it's just these guys are
you know who they are and that's who
they are the script piss off there